Experimenting on traffic.py
===============================
Testing with a smaller dataset while developing proved to produce faster and better results than on the larger (provided) one. Changing the pool size on the pooling layer to (1,1) did not accomplish consistent higher accuracy. When the pool size was changed to (3,3) the accuraccy was low once again so that attempt was also discarded and the final pool size was set to (2,2). When building the initial network model 2D convolution layer was initialy set to 32 filters, however deacreasing the number to 8 resulted in lower accuracy. Adding an additional 2D convolution layer with harsher filtering = 16 and additional pooling layer with no changes from the first one resulted in low accuracy. However combining it with 3 densely-connected NN layers (hidden layers), the accuracy was improved with just a bit more than 0.4 points. Adding a 4th densely-connected NN layer showed better final results. Increasing the dropout from 0.5 to 0.9 resulted in lower accuracy, while reducing it to 0.3 had a better accuracy than the previous test, however still not as high as when the dropout was set to 0.5. Final tests were made on the sizes of the filters on the 2D convolution layers. On the first layer with 32 filters I increased the size from (3,3) to (5,5) while on the second layer with 16 filters I decreased the size down to (2,2) which resulted in a high accuracy. Running the test with oposite sizes on the layers ih a high accuracy though not as high as the previous test.

In conclusion, based on the tests the overall performance of the model is best when there are 2 2D convolution layers with the second one having less filters than the firs and 2 Max pooling layers with pool size of (2,2). Having 4 Hidden layers (densely-connected NN layers) improves the accuracy compared to just 1 hidden layer. And a dropout of 50% ensures there is no overfitting or underfitting.
